you necessarily know the legend of
zelda ocarina of time someone already has
should you talk about it and whoever played
will surely share even if I had
replay a single passage of this game I
would choose without hesitation the temple of
water as much for its graphic quality
that for the atmosphere that emerges
passage is for me my best
remember where is a fan of games
of puzzles I loved this aspect
puzzle platform where everything rests on a
good management of objects a
clear and precise understanding of
situation
the first time I visited this
temple I sweated blood and water to get
at the end of these riddles and what gave me
more bluffed is the linguistic aspect
who escapes and the architectured side
music that we can listen to the boss
serves as a cherry on the cake in
this thrilling and mysterious adventure
propose another vision of the fight
Epic putting face an enemy so
the monstrous but impalpable and without
real identity
this allows us to present it but its
aqueous form does not matter any other
information about its real appearance for little
of his reasons I would like to relive this
experience set out to conquer the
water temple and re exploring the
hyrule lands on the big screen of 23
dSX